README.md, before:

# Credit Card Fraud Detection Example

This repository is an example template that demonstrates how to structure a machine learning project for reproducibility. It includes a minimal end-to-end workflow for detecting credit card fraud using scikit‑learn.

## Purpose

The layout of this project mirrors the recommended directory organization shown in the assignment instructions. It can be used as a starting point for your own work or as a reference when showcasing your skills to potential employers. All code is well documented and grouped by task so you can easily build upon it.

## Project layout

```
.
├── main.py                 # Entry point that runs the entire pipeline
├── requirements.txt        # Python dependencies
├── data/
│   ├── processed/          # Created after running the pipeline
│   └── raw/
│       └── card_transdata.csv
├── notebooks/
│   └── credit_card_fraud_analysis.ipynb
└── src/
    ├── data/
    │   ├── load_data.py
    │   ├── preprocess.py
    │   └── split_data.py
    ├── features/
    │   └── build_features.py
    ├── models/
    │   ├── train_model.py
    │   ├── dumb_model.py
    │   └── knn_model.py
    ├── utils/
    │   └── helper_functions.py
    └── visualization/
        ├── eda.py
        └── performance.py
```

`main.py` imports the modules inside `src/` and executes them to reproduce the analysis and results. Jupyter notebooks are provided only for prototyping and exploration—they are **not** meant to be the main entry point of the project.

Some directories such as `data/external/`, `src/utils/` and `tests/` may be empty, but the folder structure is provided to illustrate how a complete project should look.

## Running the example

Install the dependencies and run the pipeline:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

This will load the dataset, perform basic feature engineering, train a simple model and produce visualizations similar to those in the notebook.
The cleaned data will be written to `data/processed/` and all plots will be displayed interactively.

Commit message:

Change installation command to use conda
Updated installation instructions to use conda for environment setup.

README.md, after:

# Credit Card Fraud Detection Example

This repository is an example template that demonstrates how to structure a machine learning project for reproducibility. It includes a minimal end-to-end workflow for detecting credit card fraud using scikit‑learn.

## Purpose

The layout of this project mirrors the recommended directory organization shown in the assignment instructions. It can be used as a starting point for your own work or as a reference when showcasing your skills to potential employers. All code is well documented and grouped by task so you can easily build upon it.

## Project layout

```
.
├── main.py                 # Entry point that runs the entire pipeline
├── requirements.txt        # Python dependencies
├── data/
│   ├── processed/          # Created after running the pipeline
│   └── raw/
│       └── card_transdata.csv
├── notebooks/
│   └── credit_card_fraud_analysis.ipynb
└── src/
    ├── data/
    │   ├── load_data.py
    │   ├── preprocess.py
    │   └── split_data.py
    ├── features/
    │   └── build_features.py
    ├── models/
    │   ├── train_model.py
    │   ├── dumb_model.py
    │   └── knn_model.py
    ├── utils/
    │   └── helper_functions.py
    └── visualization/
        ├── eda.py
        └── performance.py
```

`main.py` imports the modules inside `src/` and executes them to reproduce the analysis and results. Jupyter notebooks are provided only for prototyping and exploration—they are **not** meant to be the main entry point of the project.

Some directories such as `data/external/`, `src/utils/` and `tests/` may be empty, but the folder structure is provided to illustrate how a complete project should look.

## Running the example

Install the dependencies and run the pipeline. You should use the versions of the dependencies as specified by the requirements file:

```bash
conda create -n 'credit_fraud' --file requirements.txt
python main.py
```

This will load the dataset, perform basic feature engineering, train a simple model and produce visualizations similar to those in the notebook.
The cleaned data will be written to `data/processed/` and all plots will be displayed interactively.
